Add shared root caching with hybrid ESI and streaming assembly (#1013)
IABTechLab/trusted-server: docs/guide/configuration.md

conditional requests, request-side `max-age`/`min-fresh` constraints, and
unsupported CDN-specific cache policy fields all bypass C2. Fastly
`Surrogate-Control` is the narrow exception: C2 accepts exactly one positive
`max-age` plus optional valid `stale-while-revalidate` and `stale-if-error`
delta-seconds. Restrictive, duplicated, malformed, or unknown directives fail
closed. Stale windows never extend C2 freshness. Freshness follows Fastly edge
precedence: `Surrogate-Control: max-age`, then `Cache-Control: s-maxage`,
`Cache-Control: max-age`, then `Expires`. Restrictive directives in either policy
still refuse sharing. Origin `Age` and apparent age from `Date` are deducted, time
spent transforming the page continues consuming freshness, and the remaining
lifetime is capped by `template_cache_max_age_seconds`.

A browser reload commonly sends `Cache-Control: max-age=0`. TS may reuse a fresh
reader-neutral C2 template for that reload, but it still builds a new private
response and runs a new per-reader auction. Explicit `no-cache`, `no-store`,
positive or malformed `max-age`, range, and conditional requests still bypass C2.
Check `X-TS-C2-Cache: hit` to verify template reuse.

> `template_cache_vary` is necessary because lookup occurs before the origin can

Reviewer: ⛏ **nitpick** — Internal contradiction: this list says request-side `max-age`/`min-fresh` constraints all bypass C2, but the next paragraph (and the code, `request_bypasses_c2`) explains that a reload's `max-age=0` deliberately does *not* bypass. Qualify the first mention as "positive or malformed request `max-age`".

Author: Fixed in `d0c3cb75`. The guide now distinguishes positive or malformed request `max-age` from the deliberately admitted reload value `max-age=0`.

delivered, while the other three constrain when and how long that mode may share
its template.
They are not a general top-level HTTP-cache configuration.

```toml
[creative_opportunities]
assembly_mode = "esi"

# Every request header, except Accept-Encoding, that the publisher origin can
# name in Vary for these documents. Names are validated and de-duplicated.
template_cache_vary = [
  "rsc",
  "next-router-state-tree",
  "next-router-prefetch",
  "next-router-segment-prefetch",
]

# Safety ceiling for the shared template. Defaults to 60; valid range 1–86400.
# The origin's remaining edge freshness may make the actual lifetime shorter.
template_cache_max_age_seconds = 1200

# Default false. Enable only after proving publisher HTML ignores Cookie.
origin_is_cookie_independent = true
```

The cache fails closed. A template is stored only for a `GET` with a processable
`200 text/html` origin response, a supported content encoding, and explicit
positive shared freshness. `private`, `no-store`, `no-cache`, exhausted or
malformed freshness, `Set-Cookie`, `Vary: *`, `Vary: Cookie`, uncovered `Vary`
names, response-bound CSP nonces, authorization, diagnostics sessions, range or

> conditional requests, request-side `max-age`/`min-fresh` constraints, and

Reviewer: ⛏ **nitpick** — Residual from the round-1 finding: this fail-closed inventory still says request-side `max-age`/`min-fresh` all bypass, while the corrected reload paragraph below (and `request_bypasses_template_cache`) says a reload's `max-age=0` does not. Qualify it here too so the two paragraphs agree.

```suggestion
conditional requests, positive or malformed request `max-age`, `min-fresh`, and
```

Author: Fixed in `733b6601`. The fail-closed inventory now says positive or malformed request `max-age`, plus `min-fresh`, bypasses the template cache, so it agrees with the `max-age=0` reload paragraph. Docs Prettier passes.
